#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Quote
The time-average structure [of a protein] observed by X-ray diffraction
 is something of an abstraction, since it is not itself widely—or even sparsely—
represented at any given time in the population of molecules.
 I mean by this that if we were to take an instantaneous picture of the
 molecular population showing us all the coordinates of the atoms for each
 individual molecule we would have difficulty in finding one that will match
 the average in 
\emph on
all 
\emph default
respects, although 
\emph on
most
\emph default
 of the molecules will have 
\emph on
most 
\emph default
of the features in common with it.
 Indeed, the protein molecule model resulting from the X-ray crystallographic
 observations is a 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

platonic
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 protein, well removed in its perfection from the kicking and screaming
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

stochastic
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 molecule that we infer must exist in solution.
 The great importance of the former lies in that it has permitted us to
 see the origin of the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

bulk properties
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 of the protein, which result from averaging over the whole population.
 However, when it comes to the conversion of one structure into another,
 and to render account of any dynamic function of the protein, consideration
 of the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

stochastic
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 species is indispensable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
Gregorio Weber.
 (1975).
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Energetics of ligand binding to proteins.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 
\emph on
Advances in Protein Chemistry
\emph default
 29:64-65
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
